License Agreement for the Usage of the supplied Software Libraries

General Terms of License for the supplied Software Package (Software User Agreement)

1. Legal Basis

1.1. Disclaimer

The software modules included in the library are offered with the intent to serve as a template and guideline for software development according to IEC61131-3 standard. A functional guarantee is not offered by the programmers and is excluded explicitly. As the software modules included in the library are provided free of charge, no warranty is provided to the extent permitted by law. As far as it is not explicitly arranged in written form, the copyright owners and/ or third parties provide the software modules “as is”, without any warranty, explicit or implicit, including, but not limited to; market maturity or usability for a particular purpose. The full risk and full responsibility concerning quality, absence of errors and performance of the software module lie with the user. Should the library, or parts of it, turn out to contain errors, the costs for service, repair and/or correction must be assumed by the user. Should the entire library, or parts of it, be used to create user software, or be applied in software projects, the user is liable for the absence of errors, performance and quality of the application. Liability of OSCAT is explicitly ruled out.

The library user has to take care, through suitable tests, releases and quality assurance measures, that possible errors in the library cannot cause damage. The present license agreements and disclaimers are equally valid for the software library, and the descriptions and explanations given in this manual, even when this is not mentioned explicitly.

1.2. License Terms

The use of the OSCAT library is free of charge and it can be utilized for private or business purposes. Distribution of the library is expressly encouraged; however, this has to be free of charge and contain a reference to our webpage www.oscat.de. If the library is offered in electronic form for download or distributed on data carriers, it has to be ensured that a clearly visible reference to OSCAT and a link to www.oscat.de are included accordingly.

To clearify the permissions it is allowed that
- the source code of the library can be modified and this modified ("modified library") version can be used for private or commercial purposes under the conditions of this agreement.
- the library or modified library can be used in own responsibility in or with other proprietary software for private or commercial purposes, whereas the proprietary software inclusive the library or modified library can have own licences without free sourcecode an can be sold commercial. If the library or modified library is integrated into hardware, a clear hint to OSCAT and the webpage www.oscat.de has to be included at a propper position, (i.e. marketing documents for the hardware product or other product documents for download.)

1.3. Registered Trademarks

All the trademarks used in this description are applied without reference to their registration or owner. The existence of such rights can therefore not be ruled out. The used trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Therefore, commercial use of the description, or excerpts of it, is not permitted.

1.4. Intended and Correct Use

The software modules included in the library and described in this documentation were exclusively developed for professionals who have had training in PLC. The users are responsible for complying with all applicable standards and regulations which come into effect with the use of the software modules. OSCAT does not refer to these standards or regulations in either the manual or the software itself.

1.5. Other

All legally binding regulations can be found solely in chapter 1 of the user manual. Deduction or acquisition of legal claims based on the content of the manual, apart from the provisions stipulated in chapter 1, is completely ruled out.